I top five star from and ingredients are
definitely olive oil really buy the best
you can possibly get single estate olive
oil is generally the good one Greek one
is slightly peppery than the Italian
olive oil but generally look for single
estate olive oil buy something vinegary
is a good one apparently it's like women
it gets better with age so of course
this is something that's at least 10
years of trying to go for the youngest
of it doesn't taste as good knowledge
stuff that you'd put any fish and chips
is this difference 18 months old the
older of us are making vinegar gets the
more mature it tastes chocolate is
another one of course again go for a
high percentage cooker solid and also
cans things like canned tomato has made
a really good instant snap and can sweet
corns really nice little critters and my
favorite favorite stalker wooden greeted
over the wall has to be salt and
particularly nowadays sauce become
really really trendy a party sea salt
isn't a little to look out